create table stg_pageviews_hourly (webserver string,
abmarkers         string,
apachecookie      string,
cdstrack          string,
clienttype        string,
cmsdisp           string,
cmswin            string,
contentid         string,
detailid          string,
externalreferral  string,
geoid             string,
ipaddress         string,
landingpage       string,
landingpageref    string,
lastreferrer      string,
locale            string,
lt                string,
marketingcampaign string,
memberissignedin  string,
newsletterid      string,
pageaction        string,
pagepropertiesalizer string,
partner              string,
pool                 string,
productattr          string,
productid            string,
referringpage        string,
requestfinished      string,
requeststarted       string,
sequenceid           string,
servletname          string,
servlettime          string,
sessionid            string,
showcompop           string,
showippop            string,
shownewspop          string,
subscriberid         string,
tapersistentcookie   string,
url                  string,
useragent            string,
userlocationid       string,
cc_affiliatecreative string,
cc_affiliateid       string,
cc_affiliateprogramtype string,
cc_area                 string,
cc_clicktype            string,
cc_commercebucketid     string,
cc_commercesiloid       string,
cc_contentid            string,
cc_cpc                  string,
cc_destairport          string,
cc_firstpage            string,
cc_impcount             string,
cc_ismatch              string,
cc_locationid           string,
cc_nexthighestcpc       string,
cc_offerorderingstrat   string,
cc_origairport          string,
cc_provider             string,
cc_query                string,
cc_referringpage        string,
cc_slot                 string,
cc_supplierdirect       string,
cc_trackingcode         string,
iscrawler               string,
isinternalip            string,
commimp                 string,
commairimp              string,
facebookid              string,
blimp                   string,
segmentreporting        string,
producttype             string,
deviceclass             string,
javascriptexecuted      string,
is_fraud                boolean,
metahacimp              string,
uid                     string,
cc_revshare             string,
cc_effectivecpc         string,
cc_minimumcpc           string,
ds                      string,
hh                      string)